= rack-bridge

Rack-Bridge provides a rack-based server for connecting to a BRIDGE-capable server (like CloudBridge). This can be used with any rack-capable framework that supports automatic loading of the handler, which includes at least rackup and rails. Examples for those two frameworks are below.

== Examples

Save a key you got from oncloud.org in your user key store:

	bridge_store_key 1178fbd04c4aea4c8a7f09627bbf67df83a51805:1267585275:pickles.oncloud.org
	
Save a key you got from oncloud.org in your app's key store:

	bridge_store_key --site 1178fbd04c4aea4c8a7f09627bbf67df83a51805:1267585275:pickles.oncloud.org

Use Rackup to connect to pickles.oncloud.org (assumes you stored the key as above):

	rackup -s Bridge -o pickles.oncloud.org config.ru
	
Use Rails >= 2.3 to connect to pickles.oncloud.org (assumes you stored the key as above):

	script/server Bridge -b pickles.oncloud.org
	
Specify a key through the environment without saving it:

	BRIDGE_KEYS=1178fbd04c4aea4c8a7f09627bbf67df83a51805:1267585275:pickles.oncloud.org rackup -s Bridge -o pickles.oncloud.org config.ru
	BRIDGE_KEYS=1178fbd04c4aea4c8a7f09627bbf67df83a51805:1267585275:pickles.oncloud.org script/server Bridge -b pickles.oncloud.org

== More Information

CloudBridge: http://www.github.com/stormbrew/cloudbridge
OnCloud: http://www.oncloud.org
Summary of CloudBridge/OnCloud: http://www.stormbrew.ca/2010/03/18/oncloud-org-and-cloudbridge-and-how-the-web-is-like-donkey-kong-country/

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Megan Batty. See LICENSE for details.
